README.md, before:

# MONGODB / EXPRESS BOILERPLATE

### Get your Express/MongoDB project up and running easily with this boilerplate

---
[Watch this video for step-by-step instructions and walkthrough!](https://youtu.be/rb-NKgtT_Jk)

## Set up

Complete the following steps to start a new project (NEW-PROJECT-NAME) with starter packages, folders and files:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine `git clone https://github.com/jenna-chestnut/mongoDB-express-boilerplate.git NEW-PROJECTS-NAME`
2. `cd` into the cloned repository
3. Make a fresh start of the git history for this project with `rm -rf .git && git init`
4. Install the node dependencies `npm install`
5. Move the example Environment file to `.env` that will be ignored by git and read by the express server `mv example.env .env`
6. Edit the contents of the `package.json` to use NEW-PROJECT-NAME instead of `"name": "express-boilerplate",`

---

## Scripts

Start the application `npm start`

Start nodemon for the application `npm run dev`

Run the tests `npm test`

Run a watching test environment `npm run watch`

---

## Deploying

When your new project is ready for deployment, add a new Heroku application with `heroku create`.  
This will make a new git remote called "heroku" and you can then `npm run deploy` which will push to this remote's main branch.

Commit message:

added with-auth tip to README

README.md, after:

# MONGODB / EXPRESS BOILERPLATE

### Get your Express/MongoDB project up and running easily with this boilerplate

---
[Watch this video for step-by-step instructions and walkthrough!](https://youtu.be/rb-NKgtT_Jk)

## Set up

Complete the following steps to start a new project (NEW-PROJECT-NAME) with starter packages, folders and files:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine `git clone https://github.com/jenna-chestnut/mongoDB-express-boilerplate.git NEW-PROJECTS-NAME`
2. `cd` into the cloned repository

**To utilize authorization in this server, switch to the "with-auth" branch `git checkout with-auth'**

3. Make a fresh start of the git history for this project with `rm -rf .git && git init`
4. Install the node dependencies `npm install`
5. Move the example Environment file to `.env` that will be ignored by git and read by the express server `mv example.env .env`
6. Edit the contents of the `package.json` to use NEW-PROJECT-NAME instead of `"name": "express-boilerplate",`

---

## Scripts

Start the application `npm start`

Start nodemon for the application `npm run dev`

Run the tests `npm test`

Run a watching test environment `npm run watch`

---

## Deploying

When your new project is ready for deployment, add a new Heroku application with `heroku create`.  
This will make a new git remote called "heroku" and you can then `npm run deploy` which will push to this remote's main branch.
